Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 4]
- Ow!
- Oh!
Ow!
Are you drunk?
No, I just trip really often.
Get up, then.
I don't want to get up.
There's that saying: "If you've tripped,
take a break before you keep going."
I think I might just lie down here.
Are you being coy with me?
Not at all!
Playing coy?
That's the first time that
anyone has said that to me!
That's like, the opposite of me!
Everyone who knows me says that
I'm super masculine!
They may be wrong, or maybe they
just haven't seen this side of you yet.
People only see as much of
you as you let them.
You seem super precocious.
Did you know that?
You can't enjoy being young and
careless when you're not young anymore.
All right, Big Sis.
"Big Sis?"
Ugh, don't call me that.
It feels really insulting.
It makes me feel like
I'm a lot older.
And that I'm an adult,
and that I'm your superior.
Don't call me that.
You know that you contradict
yourself a lot, right?
I know. Human beings are all
walking balls of contradiction.
All right, Hyun Soo.
Nah, that's not it.
What about Ms. Hyun Soo?
Write down your phone
number for me.
I'll call you.
Don't put your guard up.
I'm not going to
do that anymore.
But I don't have a pen.
Just tell me, then.
I'll memorize it.
Oh, you're sleeping over?
Why did you take a shower?
As if they'd sleep over.
They didn't shower. They had
a shower forced on them.
Sounds like you're gloating about
the fact that we got drenched.
Not gloating, exactly.
I just wish I'd been
there to see it.
Can't you be a bit nicer,
Lee Hyun Yi?
What if I have to
pick you two up
at the police station next time
for public indecency?
Did someone throw water on you for PDA?
Wow, Hyun Soo!
You're so smart!
How did you manage to figure
that out, just by looking?
It's because you're like that
that she's messed up, Mom.
How dare you refer to your
older sister like that?
It's all right.
That'll fix itself
once she gets married.
Trying to force her to fit into
a mold will just make her worse.
You're right, Honey.
- Ew!
- Come here, Honey.
- Okay.
Move over!
Sheesh!
The spot next to my man
is mine forever!
Oh, I'll bet.
You two should be
so thankful to us.
There's no greater gift to a child
than showing them how much
their parents love each other.
Of course.
- Yes, Ma'am.
- Wow.
You look so much prettier
without any makeup on.
Yep.
[Jung Seon's Dad]
This caller is unavailable.
You will be forwarded to their voicemail.
Please leave a message at the tone.
There's that saying: "If you've tripped,
take a break before you keep going."
I think I might just lie down here.
Do your best today, too!
With tons of energy!
Turn that off!
This is our house!
There's only room for one crazy
woman here, and that's me!
Yeah, you're the crazy one.
[The Taebaek Mountains, and Cockle:
Enjoying Literature in Beolgyo]
Hello?
It's Ohn Jeon Seon.
Oh, I was thinking about
going to see you.
I need to ask you some questions.
When do you have time?
Let's eat together.
Geez.
Go ahead. What is it
that you want to say?
Writer Park.
Can I... please take the day off?
You want the day off?
Yes.
Go ahead, then.
Thank you, Writer Park!
I'll work even harder when I come back!
"Come back?"
Are you going somewhere?
Oh my gosh, you surprised me!
Geez!
[Express Bus Ticket:
Seoul to Beolgyo]
We're going all the way to Beolgyo
to eat cockles?
I'm sure there are good cockle
places in Seoul too, if we look.
I want to eat them at the place
that is known for its cockles, though.
To me, eating is just eating
but eating is kind of like studying
for you, isn't it, Mr. Jung Seon?
Yes. But what did you want to
interview me about?
Just something.
I don't like snacks.
Fine.
You really aren't
going to eat any?
Want another one?
It's fine.
Oh, this is great.
Hm.
I'm happy.
I've never been able to take a day off
without worrying
this past year as
an assistant writer.
Wow, sounds like being an
assistant writer is really tough.
But, is it okay for you
to take the day off today?
It's not that Writer Park
didn't let me take days off.
I just felt bad asking for a day off when
she worked so hard, so I never asked.
That's the same thing as her
not letting you take a day off.
How's "A Man Who Eats Rare Steak"?
I was going to use that as the
title of a TV show.
I'm not sure.
Is there a special personality trait
among guys who eat steaks rare?
I've never thought about it.
Well, start thinking about it right now.
Are you that happy?
Yes.
I'm happy.
- Wow!
This is nice.
So, so nice.
Oh gosh!
Geez, be careful.
I'm hungry now.
Let's go eat.
- Thank you.
- Enjoy your meal.
- All right.
Yum!
I was wondering why you smelled it first,
but now I can taste it better!
You're a quick learner.
I was always decent
at studying.
And you're great at bragging
about yourself, too.
It's because my self-esteem
has been pretty low lately.
Because nobody around me
is complimenting me.
I don't really like
raw seafood.
I thought you said that
you don't like it.
I told you before that human beings
are walking balls of contradiction.
Wow, that's delicious!
Where are we going to go
after we finish eating?
Um... well, we've eaten food. Now we
have to go enjoy works of literature.
Oh, sure.
What a shame.
We got here too late, and all
of the galleries are closed.
I really wanted to visit the Taebaek
Mountains Literature Museum, at least.
Have you ever read
"Taebaek Mountain Range"?
I didn't even know that was a book.
Wow, I can really feel the difference
in our ages now.
It's not an age difference thing.
It's an intellectual difference.
We'll just call it a difference
in interests, then.
Is there a special personality trait
among guys who eat steaks rare?
I thought about it
for a while
and it's just a difference in
preference, not personality.
They just prefer it because it's
tender due to all of the juices
and because they like the
unique scent of raw meat.
Oh, that won't do.
They need to have a special
personality trait.
People from Western cultures
tend to prefer rare beef.
You're so stubborn.
Just tell me!
Try to use your imagination
instead of trying to change facts.
I think you're good at
attacking people with facts.
We have to go now if we want
to catch the last bus.
Stop stuffing just yourselves!
Let's share a little!
- Let's share a little!
[I need to be able
to educate my children]
- [Opposed to Reducing Bus Routes]
- As human beings
shouldn't you give us time to
eat and poop, at the very least? Huh?
- Give us time to eat and poop!
I guess the bus won't be leaving today.
What should we do?
The KTX is still running, right?
We have to go to Suncheon to take the
KTX. Same for the Sharon Line.
I'll call them. They'll probably have
seats since it's a weekday.
We can just make a reservation.
You can't make reservations
over the phone.
What are we supposed to do, then?
Sleep here?
I have to go to work tomorrow.
I have to go home!
Follow me.
To where?
Do you have a plan?
[Moodeung Motel]
[Baekje Motel]
[Bosung Inn]
Hey.
What are you looking for?
I found it!
[Internet Cafe]
[KTX Ticket: From Suncheon To Seoul]
[Processing your ticket]
[Ticket Processed]
There we go.
[From Suncheon
To Seoul]
You did it.
Let's go.
Wait, let me check my email.
Is there an email
you're waiting for?
A person named Alain Passard.
He's the chef I respect the most.
And I applied to be an intern
at his restaurant.
Are you going to France
if you're accepted?
No, I have to go even if
I'm not accepted.
I haven't graduated
from school yet, you see.
[Email from: Forrest Gump Running Club]
You didn't get an email from him.
Let's go.
You can run, right?
Excuse me, Sir!
Despite how I seem, I am a
member of the Running Club.
Oh, I see.
[Suncheon Station]
You can walk slowly if you're tired.
We have some time.
I don't want to!
[DF Ver] E04 Temperature of Love
"Give Me Your Phone Number"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You're here?
I got worried since you said you were
going to the bathroom
and didn't come back.
Why were you worried?
I'm not a kid.
Today was a great day.
I'm happy.
You said that you were happy
twice today.
It seems to me that it's easy
to make you happy.
But you didn't make me happy.
I'm just happy, is all.
I have my own way of interpreting
situations, as you know.
I've decided to take your advice.
And tried living today as
someone my age should.
I'm a bit serious, earnest, and
have a huge sense of responsibility.
But today, I want to live
like a normal 23 year old.
Go ahead.
I want to kiss you.
Does kissing someone come with
a sense of responsibility?
No.
I don't know if what I feel for you
is love or not, or some other emotion.
Women won't kiss you
if you're that honest.
Women have this fantasy...
that a man who kisses her
does it because he loves her.
Turn away if you don't want me to.
I got here not too long ago.
You didn't keep me waiting too long,
so you don't need to feel bad.
You've been living here
since you came back to Korea?
Yeah.
I've missed you.
You always protected me.
I've never forgotten...
how you protected me.
Who told you to put tofu
in the soybean paste soup?
You're doing this on purpose
because you know I can't eat
rice without soup, right?
You're being shrewd because you
know there needs to be soup.
That's not true.
What do you mean,
that's not true?
What do you mean, no?
Huh? Huh?
Let go.
Let's get divorced.
I'll sign the papers.
You want me to sleep here?
Don't you know that
I can't sleep if I don't have a bed?
Oh, I see how it is.
You're mad, huh?
Fine, I'll be the bigger person
since I'm your mom.
I'll be the bigger person.
Hello!
What brings you here?
Pardon?
Didn't you quit?
Writer Park said that you quit.
Why are you here?
I never said that I was
quitting, Writer Park.
You said you were taking a day off, so
I thought you meant you were quitting.
- You said I could--
- Yeah.
I did tell you to get some rest.
Lots and lots of rest.
You're so insincere.
Writer Park.
I really do respect you,
And I wanted to help you,
if only a little--
Help me?
Yeah, right!
It's not like this was volunteer work!
You got paid for what you did!
Your attitude toward your work
is already skewed!
Also, how could you ask for a day off
when the show is on the air?
Huh?
Do you take me for a fool because the
director said the same thing as you?
Well, do you?
No.
You act like you're kind,
thoughtful, and hard-working.
It really pisses me off thinking
about how nice I was to you
because I fell for that act!
I've never met someone as wicked as you
in my 10 years of being a writer.
You want to become a writer?
Yeah, you probably will become one.
It's rude bitches like you who always
succeed in this industry!
It'd be weird if you didn't succeed,
since you're a terrible person!
I... I...
I was inconsiderate.
I didn't want to stay away, but I
thought you wouldn't want to see me...
since the director said the same thing
about the script as I did
and I thought that upset you.
Blah, blah, blah.
It's always the liars who
have so much to say.
Give Hyun Soo her things.
Don't let the door
hit you on the way out.
I won't speak ill of you.
You did work under me
for a year, after all.
Did you go for a workout?
I made you some food.
I flexed my cooking chops
for the first time in a while.
But it's been a while since I've cooked,
so I can't guarantee that it'll be good.
Chin up, chin up.
At that moment,
I only had one thought in my mind.
"I have to see Jung Seon."
I only knew later,
after much time had passed...
that the man I'd thought of
in my most desperate moment...
was someone I was in love with.
Give me money.
I have to pay the people
I hired to find you.
It was hard for me to find you alone
after you got rid of your phone.
Who told you to look for me?
I got rid of my cell phone to hide from
you. You should've stopped looking.
So why did you look for me?
How could I not look
for my own child?
You're so precious to me!
Stop it.
Someone would think that you were
an amazing mom if they heard you.
I'm tired of cleaning up your messes.
Let's live apart from one another.
Let's live separately.
You can't do that to me!
I'm your mom!
You'll be punished for such
a terrible moral transgression!
I... don't want you
to be punished!
I'll accept the punishment.
Being with you feels like
a punishment anyway.
Oh my gosh.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I must have gone insane.
Are you okay?
Stop it.
Get out of my house.
Don't be here when I get back.
Which wench is it?
Which wench made you like this?
Stop it.
Stop it, damn it!
Why, do you feel guilty?
I saw your face last night.
You looked like all of your wishes
had been fulfilled.
Do you like that wench that much?
Why are you bringing someone else
into this conversation?
And then you saw me, and you
looked as if you'd eaten shit.
You ignored me,
and trampled me!
How could a child treat
their mom like that?
This is so difficult.
This is so difficult!
I can't live anymore.
I know that I messed up.
But still, you can't
do this to me.
You know what kind of
life I've had!
I'd rather die than live without you.
I want to die.
Can you kill me, please?
I must see Hyun Soo.
See Hyun Soo.
I know why I want to see
Hyun Soo at this very moment.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Temperature of Love]
I bought a cell phone.
You should've told me your number
right away if you got a phone!
How come you made me
get it from Hyun Soo?
- Come work at my place.
- You two are dating?
I'm becoming more interested
because you keep saying no.
Want to bet if Jung Seon likes me
or not, and will fall for me or not?
You're 29? Then you're
older than my son.
I thought that it was
a chance for me.
Don't go anywhere near that woman.
I make offers for something
I want until I get it.
And then, I get it.
[To be continued
next Monday night at 10 p.m....]